your splash excuse me but I have got
rather an important news massive
anybody's that's a good idea why don't
we go upstairs for breakfast in bed
see weakness is my favorite breakfast
boy if I'm a virgin
how can I know what to go bottom looks
like from looking in the mirror
early for the last ten minutes that girl
over there with the hands over my tears
is a dangerous murderer I'd sit by the
treat Mira murderer no you in your car
missed me virgin I am not bad eh yeah I
just heard something amazingly heavy on
the radio oh the light bulbs gone I'm
not surprised considering you smell so
much Rick I don't wish to suggest your
jokes are predictable but there are as
yet undiscovered tribes in the heart of
the Peruvian jungle who knew you were
gonna say that strange thing is Nick was
right let's hope he really does oh okay
here's a joke for you Rick right how
many people who live in this house right
would it take to change one light bulb
one me cuz I'm the only person who ever
does anything around here yes
and what about Alice you them
it's awesome baby let's dance
Oh
and when they cool cuz we are
put me down now Vivian I'm getting
Bertie girl
Phil Phil are you going to change this
line double knot
Myanmar getting pretty sick of your
Daisy does yeah I'm guessing
finish
haleh's unit boys all right oh my god
region
for you
I know it
you
yes yes I was very very sweet but could
you get out now please we're trying to
change the lightbulb
thank you thank you in over
but I'll stop snivelling he'll obvious
because of you to live always in the
first place I still don't see why we
can't use the stepladder right now of
all the stupid ideas
don't worry Neil we've worked everything
out to them I knew this detail your
angle of projection your specific
velocity yeah where to bury you where to
bury joke on hello joking god bless you
that he saw the dummy run we did with a
sack of potatoes
it wasn't a sack of potatoes Mike it was
a packet of smash yeah well everyone
knows they're even better than real
potatoes that's exactly what I mean yeah
I lost a problem nail because the dummy
run was a complete success
what do you mean Vivian that patty was
smashed into 50 million pieces and every
single one of those pieces was smashed
into 15 million pieces and although at
that point I stopped counting I wouldn't
be exactly now and you are a totally
different size and weight you are
packing a smash Sally should be alright
please please can we get on what is all
the fuss about is any meal for cliffs
sake oh no don't worry new I just
remember as you pause the light fitting
change the bowl
alright really nice five four three two
one affect your overall white ready guys
one
Wow oh no this carpet really needs
Hoover II
this time every time I pull up meals
angles great flakes a crusty skin come
up underneath my fingers
that's only is called price markup it
came from any socks to stop me from
stealing them I just did this one
individually with sticky label doesn't
marry me I just need the labels as well
come on burn all the ceiling my own with
it but at least the light bulbs all
right now yeah
uses singsong where are we ah yes virgin